A plan that shares how the Bank strives to be accessible to everyone

A plan to guide the Bank along its Reconciliation journey

Expand your understanding of spending and saving, discover your place in the economy and explore a world-class currency collection.

A central bank works to promote a country’s economic stability and its citizens’ financial well-being.

Take a central role at the Bank of Canada with our current opportunities and scholarships.

A plan that shares how the Bank strives to be accessible to everyone

A plan to guide the Bank along its Reconciliation journey

Expand your understanding of spending and saving, discover your place in the economy and explore a world-class currency collection.

A central bank works to promote a country’s economic stability and its citizens’ financial well-being.

Take a central role at the Bank of Canada with our current opportunities and scholarships.

Every five years, the Bank of Canada and the Government of Canada review and renew the agreement on Canada’s monetary policy framework.

We supervise payment service providers under the Retail Payment Activities Act. We make sure providers meet risk management requirements and keep your funds safe.

View the latest data on the Government of Canada's purchases and holdings of Canadian Mortgage Bonds.

Bank of Canada to publish additional metrics to enhance CORRA transparency

Bank of Canada announces planned changes to its Contingent Term Repo Facility

Access our research papers, public consultations and surveys related to bank notes.

We’ve started the design process for the new $20 bank note featuring His Majesty King Charles III. See more about the new note and our design process.

Economic growth has ticked up in Canada, boosted by past cuts in interest rates. In the absence of new tariffs, growth is forecast to strengthen, and inflation remains close to 2%. But the threat of new tariffs is causing major uncertainty.

Low Response Rate from Merchants? Sample and Ask Consumers! An Application of Indirect Sampling Under a Consumer-Merchant Bipartite Network

Bank of Canada announces the Governor’s Award recipient of the 2025 Fellowship Program

Bank of Canada reduces policy rate by 25 basis points to 2¾%

How Canadian businesses and households are reacting to the trade conflict

Tariff uncertainty and monetary policy — Governor Tiff Macklem speaks before Calgary Economic Development (13:05 (ET) approx.).

These forecasts are provided to Governing Council in preparation for monetary policy decisions. They are released once a year with a five-year lag.

All Bank of Canada exchange rates are indicative rates only, obtained from averages of aggregated price quotes from financial institutions. For details, please read our full Terms and Conditions.

Conversions are based on Bank of Canada exchange rates, which are published each business day by 16:30 ET.

We use cookies to help us keep improving this website.